So, guys, now let us discuss the interview question right AC program, which determines whether your
machine is a big Indian or little Indian, right.
So the laptop currently on which you are listening to this lecture video, how to identify whether your
laptop or your PC is a little Indian or big Indian.
Right.
So given an unsigned, short integer, a this variable, a foot going to be stored in the big Indian
and this format, whereas the same integer will going to be stored on little machine in this format.
Remember, unsigned, short is of two bytes and therefore we have displayed only two bytes of memory
chunk.
So using this concept, can you write a program which can tell you whether your machine is a little
machine or being a machine, so such a piece of code is here.
This function return zero.
If your machine is a big Indian at this function returns one if your machine is a little Indian.
Now, I'll give it to you to read and understand this piece of code.
This is very, very simple piece of code.
And not that it is very often asked in interviews to write to see program, which could determine whether
your machine is a big Indian or little Indian.
So if you do not know the concept of big Indianness or little Indianness, then of course you cannot
write this piece of code.
So all you need to do is to take a variable and install one in this variable and analyze whether this
variable is stored in the computer's memory, in this format or in this format.
That's it.
So that's a very quick and small topic on big Indian and little Indian.